So let's wrap that one up as well and
just cover the key
takeaways there testing is
the key to improving conversion.
Yeah if you can only take away one
thing from today focus on testing,
gain those real users using the site and
watching what they're doing and
how they're behaving on the website.
You will learn way more than you will from
any course like this I can teach you all
the techniques in the world but
nothing is gonna compete testing
your design in the real world.
Secondly, testing post launch is
most important of all that's when
you're getting people behaving
the most naturally an AB testing.
And testing a prototype and
that iteration really is absolutely
invaluable to the whole process.
And then also and I probably didn't
emphasize this enough testing regularly
leads to even better results so don't
just do this once but test regularly.
For example in Steve crude second book
which was rocket surgery made easy he
proposes doing monthly
testing on your website.
Just to stay on top of
it to keep tweaking and
keep pushing that conversion
rate up over time.
And he talks about doing that
through facilitated remote usability
testing using something like zoom.
But you could do it with
facilitated testing,
you could do it with surveys,
you could do it with first click test any
of the different approaches
that I've talked about today.
But it's getting into that habit of
testing regularly that's how you really
improve your conversion
rate over the long term.
And I would encourage you to
use both quantitative and
qualitative forms of testing so
what do I mean by that?
Don't just rely on AB
testing the whole time but
also make sure you're actually
occasionally talking to real users and
watching real users
interacting with the website.
Because that's when you get insights
into their mindset and their thinking
that really kind of helps you come up
with the best solutions in all of that.
So really that's pretty much all I wanna
say for today that if there's any final
questions from the people watching
live I'd love to answer them.
By hopefully I've inspired you a little
bit that there is enormous potential
to improve the conversion rate of
websites in a very systematic way.
This isn't magic it's about a basic
understanding of psychology following
some basic rules.
And also, I'm hoping to have encouraged
you a little bit out of your comfort zone
to start exploring things
like copy creation.
And design as well, because even as
developers with your own specialism,
you still got value to bring
to those other fields.
Because those other disciplines, then
they're not necessarily experts or writing
for the web they're not necessarily
experts in conversion rate optimization.
And you can bring stuff to that
conversation and encourage people to think
in terms of incrementally improving
conversion rather than launch it once and
walk away.
Which is still the mentality that so
many people have with websites so
let's just get it live and
move on to the next project and
really a successful website
is a lot more than that.
>> Dennis just wants to say thank
you it's been very interesting.
>> Excellent well I mean I'm very
conscious that this whole presentation is
a little bit above and
beyond the stuff that you normally cover.
But it is a part of the front end
experience, your front end masters and
that's not just about front end coding
that's the front end experience.
So I'm hoping that the people
watching have found it valuable and
inspired them a little bit.